wwwroot\favicon.ico
wwwroot\images\icons\Analytics icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Assignment icon (1).svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Assignment icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Attendance icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Bogs icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\CAS icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Change password icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Check homework icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Course plan icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Daily report icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Document upload icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Downloads icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\E-Classroom icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Events icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Exam icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Gallery icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\General evaluation icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\GPS tracker icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Group attendance icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\help icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Homework icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Leave notes icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Ledgers icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Library icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Lunch icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Merit icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\notification icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Online class icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\QR code.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Reading material icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Records icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Routine icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Selective exam.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Setup icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Staff icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\students.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Teacher evaluation icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\tool icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Videos icon.svg
wwwroot\images\icons\Website icon.svg
wwwroot\images\logo.png
wwwroot\images\verve.jpg
wwwroot\js\site.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\LICENSE
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.min.map
wwwroot\lib\jquery\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\additional-methods.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\additional-methods.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\jquery.validate.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\jquery.validate.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\LICENSE.md
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\scss\login.scss
wwwroot\scss\style.css
wwwroot\scss\style.css.map
wwwroot\scss\style.scss
